until then the Basque team
though everything has changed
I do not care
O
details of self-declaration field
to act because of the skin color the opera yes lizard
at the door
with corruption, the agreement that can go so far as to
I expected
It hurts
the worker
finger
sought by the ego he
grandson
the club's victory concluded
on the cell phone they leave behind her
someone will pay
W
now
O
the fact
pp ptb pr
the polar air
that's what crime is
Paulo
the work will have only one point
at the time another proposed change to
efe mp / dm
Zico
all
W
what happened
yea
Paulo
art why
to august
art
O
on the agenda portugal
in the archipelago
even because the powder appeals of the Italian government asked
returned next
motorola